#### Reflection Criteria
Create a _reflection.md_ document that answers the following questions, and post it to your GitHub repository:  
1. What did you learn?  
2. What more is there to learn, for you, in regards to the project?  
3. What did you think of the process?  
4. What would you do differently if you had the opportunity?

---------------------------------------

   I often wonder about the characteristics of life. Undeniably, life is a cumulation of events and memories that continue to define us as long as we live it. We mold our life, our memories, to match our interests and passions; acquiring knowledge and skills is one way to realize that. I came across one such opportunity in my grade 12 Computer Science class in the form of the 20Time Project. Taking inspiration from Google and others, we jumped on the bandwagon and spent one period each week on a project of our liking. From idea generation to creation, electronics intrigued me. With infinite curiosity and steely determination, I began my exploration of electronics. (*eye of the tiger plays in the background*).

   The music soon faded and reality kicked in. Heaps of school work piled up and started taking priority over the project. To make the situation worse, finding relevant information on the Internet was akin to finding the proverbial needle. To add to the agony, information on Computer Aided Design(CAD)  or circuits, proved to be a strong sedative for me; in other words, I was bored.  This was quite discouraging to a mere muggle like me. 

   It is often said that life is the greatest teacher. Those few weeks definitely taught me a ton. Also, I realized that my previously acquired skills of organization, and planning made otherwise, tough time, smoother and more streamlined. Google calendar, Keep and GitHub are my staples for organization. Also, I discovered that Evernote could be a great tool for managing heaps of information associated with any project.  Furthermore, I learnt time-management as I had to force myself to take time out every week until it became second nature. I was finding time where I didn't have it before! 

   Things improved drastically when I discovered Raspberry Pi *(We will refer to it as π).* I absolutely loved the idea of working with a miniature PC and manipulating it any way. It hit just the right spot in complexity and simplicity for me. To put it briefly, I worked on Plex media server, headless/ remote control and web server*(incomplete)*; [more details](https://github.com/NikhilRO/20Time/blob/master/README.md). This wasn't much of a self-development and improvement period, in contrast to the first half of the project. Rather, the procedures I had set in place (Keep etc.) allowed me to achieve maximum productivity while still retaining interest in the project. What's more, I continue to reap the benefits of the work I did on my π; *Plex has made my life great again*😜)  Furthermore, future awaits more exciting adventures with my π. In the short-term, I have my sight on hosting my personal website on my π. For more ideas, here is my [presentation](https://github.com/NikhilRO/20Time/blob/master/20Time%20Project.pptx).

    In a nutshell, initially the project was a tad bit demoralizing due to the various challenges but it was a great learning experience as I gained time-management skills and acquired the knowledge of an array of powerful project management tools. The discovery of Raspberry Pi brought a sea change as I got engaged/engrossed in the project. The process and the transformation was rough, as it is with every good thing in the long term. If presented with such a wonderful opportunity again, I would try to introspect more and not stick with something just because I think it will become fun. Maybe, be more realistic in goal setting to avoid disappointment.  

